Yuma: Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
SPARROW: It is nice to meet
you, my name is Nelson.
Hey, what do you
say we get to
know each other more
with a duel?
Sparrow's mom:
There you are!
Who's this boy, Nelson?
Mom! Uhhh...
you're not to speak to anyone
except for authorized personnel!
If people found out what kind
of a kid you really are, the
illusion of the Sparrow
would be shattered.
It's a card...
NUMBER: Yes Nelson, let the
number take hold.
Nelson has started thinking that
he's actually the Sparrow.
Yuma, I didn't want it to come
to this, alas, if you're with
the dark emperor, then I have no
choice but to battle you!
Together: Let's duel!
I xyz summon!
Kneel Before number 83 -
Galaxy queen!
I have journeyed through time
and space to fight the forces of
evil, and restore justice
to the galaxy!
Well you know what? I've
journeyed from my
bedroom to restore you
to your True self...
♪ if life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
You can't defeat the Sparrow!
Aw man, he really thinks
he's a superhero.
'think about how many people
depend on
you being the Sparrow.'
'Nelson Andrews doesn't
matter...'
she's what this is all about.
The number card wouldn't be
messing with him like this
if it wasn't for his mom.
I got it!
[Phone ringing]
TORI: You have any idea
how late it is?
Tori, you gotta listen
to me. It's important.
I need you and bronk
to find Nelson's mom.
Who's Nelson?
Oh right, um Okay, look, I'm
dueling Nelson Andrews
aka, the Sparrow right now.
You know that scary lady
who produces the show?
That's his mom.
I need you to find her and bring
her here to the sound stage.
She needs to see this.
Okay yuma.
I'll find her!
I'll see you soon.
Okay, I know that you're
still in there, Nelson.
But don't worry,
I'm gonna do whatever
it takes to get you back!
ASTRAL: Yuma, star Sparrow
can deal damage even
if your monster is in
defense mode this turn.
If you want to survive that
attack, you need utopia.
Do you think I don't
know that, astral?
Problem is, I've only got one
level 4 monster in my hand so
unless I manage to get another
one on my next draw, busting out
utopia's a no-go.
No sense in waiting.
I draw!
Alright!
I summon gagaga magician
to the field!
And that lets me summon
kagetokage as well.
And now, since both of 'em are
level 4, I can d the overlay
network and Xyz
summon number 39!
Utopia!
I would advise you to use
this moment to defeat at
least one monster.
Well Yeah, duhhh!
I wanna take out galaxy queen,
but I can't cause of
furious Max's curse.
Interesting...
what?
What's interesting?
You are not arguing
with me tonight.
Well, yeah!
Believe it or not, not
everything is about you!
This duel is about
saving Nelson.
I want to save him as well.
You're acting different
too, ya' know.
It's not like you to fixate so
much on someone else!
Nelson is lonely.
Huh?
'Nelson Andrews
doesn't matter...'
I think I understand that
feeling and so I want to help.
You're lonely?
It would seem that you
and I can work Well
together when our goals
are one and the same.
Stop trying to get
"Buddy-Buddy" with me.
Are we gonna do
This thing or not?
Let us do it.
Nice!
Alright big guy,
it's all you!
Attack Beast Warrior Puma!
Not good enough!
Cause I play the
wings of unity trap.
And since I played it with esper
star Sparrow on my field,
I can put a stop your attack!
And furthermore, it also lets me
summon Phoenix beast gairuda!
If he keeps bringing monsters
out like this, we're done for.
That gairuda looks like trouble!
Phoenix BEAST GAIRUDA: Did
someone say my name?
Esper star SPARROW: Glad
you could swing by!
Beast WARRIOR PUMA: What took
you so long, gairuda?
Luggwig captured the
sundarian Princess again.
Is it just me, or are
these guys totally acting
like they do on the tv show?
How wonderful to see it play out
before my very eyes!
You didn't abandon
the Princess, did you?
No!
I defeated the troll, saved the
girl, and now I'm here.
I'm glad you are.
You too, Puma.
Of course!
That's nice.
Those guys seem to
really have a thing.
I don't know why, but there is a
strange warmth filling my heart.
We can't be admiring them!
We're supposed to be
worried and freaked out
that he's got four
monsters on his field!
Now, due to Phoenix beast
gairuda's ability,
I'm able to draw one
card from my deck!
This is not good.
I have no idea what to do.
You have to get
defensive!
Go with the card
on the right.
You sure?
Positive.
Well you better
be right, astral.
I play one card facedown
and end my turn!
It's my turn!
I draw!
I'm summoning another
ally to join me!
Aww, another one?
When esper star Sparrow, beast
warrior Puma and Phoenix beast
gairuda are United on my field,
I can summon their
friend from my hand.
Forged in a factory on
the d-6 asteroid,
the hero of keilos!
Ironhammer the giant!
[Roaring]
ironhammer , you made it!
Ironhammer was built by
Dr. Implausible.
The doctor almost tossed him
into the lava pits of kelsedor,
because he did not have enough
screws in his head.
But the Sparrow swooped
in, and saved him.
Ironhammer the GIANT: Duuuh,
what do ya' need me to do, boss?
That looks like a toy robot I
used to play with, But real!
And really huge...
yuma!
Bronk: We got
the lady!
Quick warning,
she's not happy.
What is going on?
What is the meaning of...
Nelson? Is that you?
What are you doing here?
It's past your bedtime.
How did you get past
the guards?
Explain yourself, young man!
Right now!
Are you speaking to me?
I hardly think that's
an appropriate
tone to take with your mother!
My mother?
I think you might be confused.
My mother is right here.
Nelson...
My name isn't Nelson.
I am known as the one
and only Sparrow!
I'm not playing
around, Nelson.
Hey, Nelson's mom!
You know how someone was
running around and
attacking people dressed
as the Sparrow?
Yes...
It was him.
It was Nelson!
That is
preposterous!
It can't
be True!
You pressured him so much
to be the Sparrow,
that now he thinks he is.
He doesn't know how to be
himself anymore.
He's stuck in the
friction world!
"Friction?"
think he meant to say
"stuck in the fiction world."
Oooooh!
This can't be...
Nelson!
Number 83 GALAXY QUEEN: The
Sparrow lives only to serve me!
[laughing]
I do not cackle like that,
I...
you're in big trouble,
young man.
When we get back to the...
...will you knock it off!
I think you should just watch
this duel, Nelson's mom.
This duel will show
you how he sees you
and what you've done to him!
Let us continue!
I'm using an overlay
unit to once again
activate galaxy
queen's ability!
Just as before, the galaxy
queen grants all my monsters
immortality, and the ability to
deal damage even if your monster
is in defense mode this turn.
Feel the power of darkness
flowing through you!
Embrace This power!
Defeat those who
would defy me!
Yes, my queen!
I activate
gairuda's ability!
So now it gains
300 attack points.
Go, gairuda!
Attack utopia!
Yuma!
I know, I'm on it!
I use one overlay unit to
activate utopia's ability!
And with that, gairuda's
attack is shut down!
Perhaps,
but there's still plenty more
where that came from!
I am just getting started.
Esper star Sparrow, take out
utopia with mega Punch surprise!
Bring it on!
Cause I can activate
utopia's ability again,
and block your attack!
But now utopia has
no overlay units!
Meanwhile, I've still
got some tricks up my sleeve.
Allow me to show you
what I mean by
activating ironhammer's
special ability!
Since ironhammer is on my field,
one of my monsters can
attack directly!
Aw, no!
Go, Puma!
This is your moment!
Go dark slash!
[Screaming]
you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I'm not...
I'm fading away...
This is not good.
Yuma quickly, activate
your trap card!
Are... are you sure?
You have to trust me.
Alright.
I activate my trap!
The trap is heartfelt appeal,
and we can activate it
because we took damage from
his direct attack.
Great, but will the trap do?
It gives us control of his
monster with the highest defense
points until the end of
our next turn.
Whoa...
that's better...
Ironhammer!...
what is this?
You're turning
against us?
Duuuh, I can't help it, boss.
I just suddenly have the urge to
protect this weakling behind me.
You mean me, don't you?
You'll pay for this!
But for now, I'm ending my
turn with a facedown card.
So umm... Why
did we snag ironhammer?
I mean, if he's gonna go back to
Sparrow's side on his
next turn, then...
...it was the right move.
Taking the giant was a necessary
step toward defeating them.
If you say So, then you say so,
but look, if you've got a plan,
then fill me in, okay?
Or be like that.
I know how things
will unfold.
Huh? How do you know?
Because I saw the
ending of the tv show.
I can't believe you
based our strategy
on a science friction show.
Forget it!
Moving on!
Aw man, I'm just not sure what
to do. But I can't give up.
Okay, this ought to
buy me some time.
I now activate the attraffic
control spell card!
So as long as you've got three
or more monsters on your field,
this spell will prevent you
from being able to attack!
Yuma, that is it!
Hang on a sec!
You did it.
The pieces are
all in place.
We're going
to win this.
Are you sure we're
dueling the same duel?
Cause in the duel I'm dueling,
the galaxy queen can't be
destroyed thanks to furious
Max's curse, and all the other
monsters can't be destroyed
thanks to the galaxy queen!
Everyone's invincible!
It is just like the show...
aw, here we go...
I saw this episode. Trust me.
Sparrow gathered his allies
together, and transformed
ironhammer into the dimensional
iron jet, and together,
they defeated
the torian Prince.
Just join the
fan club already!
Listen, play those
two cards in your hand.
Huh?
Play both of 'em?
I really hope I
don't regret this.
I'm playing two cards facedown,
and ending my turn!
You're trying to stall.
But this ends now!
I draw!
First, your trap card's
effect wears off.
So ironhammer returns
to my field.
Uhhh... what was I
doing just now?
You must put a stop
to this threat!
Together: I will do as
you say, mother!
I don't like this!
Nelson, listen to me!
We're going back
to the hotel.
We'll get some
ice-Cream.
You don't have to be the Sparrow
right now,
you can just be your...
...that's enough!
I have to be the Sparrow!
Do you have any idea how many
people are depending on me?
Nelson...
you think you managed to cage me
in with attraffic control.
But I'm activating the change
to jet iron Trap card!
When Sparrow and his allies are
all gathered on the field
together, they can unite to form
the dimensional iron jet!
Whoa...
With twin titanium engines and
dual sonic thrusters,
dimensional iron Jet packs
enough attack power to defeat
you, and win this duel!
Oh man, that thing has
enough attack power
to end this duel
right now!
Deep breath...
Just play a trap card.
Oh, a trap card?
Play a trap card?
Which one should
I activate?
Oh, wait!
I need some
Duel fuel!
There we go!
He must really
be unsure.
I am totally
feelin' the flow!
Now about that trap card...
I give you fiery fervor!
Alright, that trap doubled
utopia's attack points!
Maybe so, But iron
jet is still more powerful.
Aaaah! Can I take
that move back?
Not a chance, yuma!
And as much as I'd hate to kick
you when you're down, I'd like
to point out that my four
monsters have become one.
Which means your
attraffic control spell
is no longer effective!
Aaaahh!
Activate a trap!
Guess we've got nothing
better to do!
I'm activating the
reserve cyclone trap!
This trap card activates
because he took
ironhammer the giant
back from you.
And that is precisely
why I had wanted you
to take control of
it in the first place.
Aw sweet, that means we can get
rid of furious Max's curse!
Say goodbye to your
Trump card, chump!
What's this?
No!
Now, there are no cards
protecting the galaxy queen.
You may have broken
Max's curse,
but now I'm going
to break you!
Jet Iron, attack
number 39: Utopia!
Go Iron Phoenix!
Aaargh!
Here Comes defeat from above!
It is going to be fine.
Remember, there is still one
trap card on our field.
Oh, right!
'the pieces are
almost in place!'
oh wow, you did know it
would go down like this.
Well then, I activate
my trap card!
Vector change!
This trap lets me force your jet
iron into defense mode.
This is not good...
and it forces your
monster playing defense
to get its attack mode on!
Impossible!
Now I can't attack!
Mother...
I have...
let you down...
no, this isn't
over yet!
You're going
to lose, yuma.
I end my turn.
I draw!
Nice!
All he has to do is
attack galaxy queen.
You've got this, yuma!
Actually, there is
still a risk factor.
If that facedown card is a trap
card that counter attacks,
he might win.
And I might...
but... This is our only
chance to save Nelson...
I know.
So... are you with me?
Let us do it.
So get ready Sparrow!
E I am so feeling
the flow!
Utopia, attack galaxy queen!
Go Rising sun slash!
Not so fast, yuma.
I activate the trap card
star Sparrow forever!
What is it?
Is it a counter card?
This card allows me
to bring star Sparrow out
of my graveyard with
zero attack points!
And like he always does,
Sparrow jumps in to protect
those being attacked!
[Screaming]
Nelson, no!
You did it yuma!
Yeah, you did it!
It wasn't a trap
that could hurt me...
so what was the point?
Bringing star Sparrow
to the field with
no attack points had no
strategic merit.
Why would he do something
that was pointless?
It wasn't pointless.
He wanted to protect her.
He was protecting his mom.
This memory is...
there she goes.
Nelson...
mom?
I don't know what
happened to me.
Don't worry, it...
it... it's over now.
Nelson, I'm sorry I've been
pushing you so hard.
It's okay.
I want you to be you.
I really do.
Thanks, mom.
Mom!
[laughing]
I'm getting all
teary-Eyed!
Maybe now he won't
feel so lonely.
So, I'm hungry.
Who's up for a little spicy
Pizza cheeseburger action?
If you knew the truth
about those attacks,
why didn't you tell me while we
were out running around?
I figured if you found out
that the Sparrow was
behind all those attacks, you
would've gotten all sad.
Uh...
aww!
You care about my feelings,
don't you?
No, that's gross, I don't care!
You're just annoying when
you're sad, that's all!
I'm annoying?
You should try talking to
you one day, yuma!
Besides, when have you
ever seen me sad?
Are you serious?
How about the time you
gave Ashton Williams
that Valentine card, and and he
said 'No thanks?'
unnnh!
Let's just go!
How are you able to
resist my scepter's power?
[Screaming]
Sparrow...
you did it.
Mother...
[crying]
what a wonderful story!
Right?
Observation number 10 - The
bond between a human parent
and a human child is strong.
Very strong.
That memory...
I was remembering the
moment I was born.
Female voice:
Your name... is astral.
And you are being entrusted
with the future of our world.
[♪...]